This is the solutions video for the linear mapping lab.
For the currency conversion problem,
that's solved with matrix multiplication.
With this lab, we'll be using the NumPy matmul function to
perform matrix multiplication to solve a currency conversion problem.
In the coding section here,
we've replaced none by the NumPy matmul function,
where the first input argument is money and the second is conversion rates.
Then, we mark this task as done.
Next, we save our code by clicking on the "Save" icon.
When we run our code,
our results will appear here.
They should match the expected solution that we see here.
To run the code,
we select "Kernel", "Restart and Run All".
Finally, we compare our money totals to the solution,
and we see that they match.
Therefore, we've coded everything correctly.
This completes this section of the lab